add a section to FAQ & fix a little error in `README.md` (#111)
emacs-lsp/lsp-dart: README.md

:small_blue_diamond: Try to set the `lsp-dart-sdk-dir` to the Dart SDK dir installation or if you are using Flutter, `<your-flutter-dir>/bin/cache/dart-sdk/`.

> :grey_question: `dap-debug` couldn't run the app on advices or white screen.

Reviewer: Did you mean?
```suggestion
:grey_question: `dap-debug` couldn't run the app on devices or shows a white screen.
```

Author: hahaha yes!

Author: thanks for the correction

> :small_blue_diamond: Try to set `export NO_PROXY=localhost,127.0.0.1` into your `.bash_profile` file.

Reviewer: Maybe link that issue from dart code?

Author: I think that if we have already known how to solve a problem, we should just tell users as terse as we could lest they haven't got enough patience to read.
